
The stranger officiates the meal.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
The father died during childbirth.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
At last
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
The lake is a long way from here.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
Let me help you with your baggage.
With the high wind warning
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
He drank life before spitting it out.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
The father died during childbirth.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
